# D.3 Analysis

## 1. System Description

Provide a brief textual description of your system. The first paragraph of the description must contain the problem statement, the product position statement, and the value proposition of your system (you can refine/update what you presented in D.2). The following paragraphs should describe the key requirements of the system. This description should be consistent with D.2 stakeholders, requirements, use cases, and user stories. Again, refinements/updates are welcome since your understanding of the system is constantly evolving. 

Use Bold every time that you use a noun that is a class in your model. Use Italic every time that you use a noun that is an attribute in your model. Use Bold and Italic every time that you use a noun or verb that is an association in your model.

** -> bold -> class
* -> italic -> attribute
*** -> bold and italic -> association

Grading criteria (5 points): The description should be clear, concise, and well-written, free of typos and grammar problems. The use of bold, italic, and underline should be coherent with the model presented in Section 2---all classes, attributes, and associations from the model should appear in the text and their role in the system, as described in the text, should be consistent with the model.

RNT-A-ROOM aims to solve the problem of the lack of housing dedicated to **travel nurses** as it affects travel nursing agencies, hospitals (especially those in rural areas), landlords, and patients. Our audience is **travel nurses** with housing needs in the United States. **Travel nurses** have specific housing needs such as: flexible leases (short term, long term), family and pet accommodations, safety and security (they will be staying in unfamiliar *locations*), and proximity to healthcare facilities. By targeting this audience, RNT-A-ROOM can focus its services on meeting the unique requirements of **travel nurses**, which in turn will provide value and address their specific plan. The impact of which is staffing issues, quality of care, and tenant turnover. For **travel nurses** who need housing, RNT-A-ROOM is a housing web application that focuses on comfort and safety for **travel nurses** across America; Unlike FurnishedFinder and AirBnB, our product focuses on **travel nurses** needs. RNT-A-ROOM is a housing web application that caters to **travel nurses** in the United States and their needs. RNT-A-ROOM offers comfort and safety on an easy-to-use platform that verifies **user** and housing options. Our audience is **travel nurses** with housing needs in the United States. **Travel nurses** have specific housing needs such as, flexible leases (short term, long term), family and pet accommodations, safety and security (they will be staying in unfamiliar *locations*), and proximity to healthcare facilities. By targeting this audience, RNT-A-ROOM can focus its services on meeting the unique requirements of **travel nurses**, which in turn will provide value and address their specific plan.

RNT-A-ROOM focuses on our **users**, competitors, and dectractors. Our main **users** for the system are **travel nurses** and **property owners**. Our competitors are other vacation rental companies such as FurnishedFinders, AirBnb, and Vrbo, which feature **listings** that are already furnished, but were not made specifically for **travel nurses** in mind. Travel nursing *agencies* with pre existing housing may also be one of our main competitors. Some of our biggest detractors are those who are looking to have long-term leases. Other detractors include students in college looking for housing, and those looking for a vacation rental. With all the stakeholders listed, there are a handful of features to support our system for our stakeholders.

We have several requirements that we must meet in order to consider RNT-A-ROOM to be functional. First, RNT-A-ROOM should have a homepage. This homepage should load within 3 seconds to provide a fast a responsive **user** experience. Next, working hand-in-hand, we have the **user** profile and the **user** verification. The **user** profile will display 5 **user** descriptions: *their user ID, full legal name, email, phone number, and verifiable certification*. The **user** verification, on the other hand, will verify if the **user** is a **travel nurse** or professional **property owner** by asking for *proof of being a registered nurse or proof of a safe and valid housing*. RNT-A-ROOM also requires a **listing** page with a working filtering system. This **listing** page will display 5 different **listings** for the **user** to choose from. The filtering system will make it easier for the **user** user to find their perfect **listing**. It will reduce by several requirements that the **user** can enter: *the number of beds, the length of the lease, the location (through city name or zipcode), and the price* range. Lastly, RNT-A-ROOM needs to allow **user** to ***book*** a **listing**. The booking feature will maintain a 99.5% booking success rate for all hours of the website.

Our system will display a variety of behaviors such as booking a **listing**. Our tenants (**travel nurses**) will be looking for housing the moment the agency gives the **travel nurse** an assignment. Before the booking process can begin, the tenants will be required to create a **user** profile and get it approved through our verification system. After geting approved, the tenants will need to search through our **listings** using the filter system in order to find the ideal housing for their needs. After booking, the lease agreement will be reviewed by **property owner** and **travel nurse**. From there the **payment** will go through after. Alternatively, if the **user** finds that their lease agreement with the **property owner** isn’t correct then the **user** will have the opportunity to change the information and submit for it to be reconfirmed by the **property owner**. 

As mentioned above, tenants would be required to create an account for our systems. Not only tenants but also **property owners** will be required to create an account but on a separate portal. Those who may want to use our services, such as a **travel nurse** or a **property owner**, will all be required to create an account. Once the account is created, this use case is completed. **user** will need to open the website and register the account. After being verified through our system, the **user** account is then created and saved in our system; otherwise, the **user** account is not created due to verification failure. 

In order to find the appropriate housing, the tenants might feel the need to use our filtering system because they want a specific housing environment. The **user** must have a verified account in order to access the **listing** but once the account is verified then the **user** will be able to use filters to find the ideal housing. In most cases, **user** will have their account verified and will be able to use the filters to help them find the **listing** they want to book. Worse case, those who have a verified account but can not use the filter system are most likely running into an error.

In order to support the **travel nurse** community, giving them the ability to share their experiences with a properties that they have stayed at will help other nurses feel more comfortable. Those who want to ***create*** a **review** and a *rating* will be required to have a verified stay at one of the properties. They will have the opportunity to view their past stays and select the one they want to leave a **review** and a *rating* about. By adding comments and posting the **review**, this will allow our **travel nurses** to select a high quality stay for their needs. If there is an issue, there is a chance that the **user** is not in their account or might have lost their password to the account and will be required to click on “forget password” to reset it. 

RNT-A-ROOM not only benefits **travel nurses** and their agencies, but also **property owners** and hospitals. It gives both **travel nurses** and **property owner** ease of mind by having a secure user base. **property owner** can rest assure knowing that their clients will be trusted registered **travel nurses**. Meanwhile, **travel nurses** won’t have to worry about deciding whether or not the booking that they choose is reliable or not because all of our bookings are verified properties. **Travel nurses** can use the filtering system to, for example, find **listings** with low *crime rates* or enough **rooms** to house their entire families. They can also **user** our **review** system to both decide on their next property and provide other **travel nurses** help on deciding their own next **listing**. RNT-A-ROOM also gives **travel nurses** the ability to cancel a lease, so that **property owner** are not left waiting for their new tenant to arrive. On top of all of this, RNT-A-ROOM shows its **user** all of the amenities that a **listing** will have such as *gyms*, *grocery store*, and disability accommodations. RNT-A-ROOM strives to provide a high quality service for our **user** by thinking through the **user** ’s perspectives.

## 2. Model
Provide the conceptual model of your system as a UML class diagram. Represent proper cardinalities (multiplicities) for all associations. Also include the association names. 

 Some points to consider:

Use UML adequately. Do not use graphical elements that are not part of the language. Represent compositions and aggregations when relevant. 
This model is not an ER diagram (entity-relationship model), which is focused on relational database systems. However, both diagrams have similarities. 
Do not overcomplicate how you represent the elements of your model (e.g., using inheritance or an association when they are not necessary). Pay attention to simplicity, maintainability, unnecessary repetition, cohesion, and coupling.
Do not represent actions that don’t need to be registered in the system. 
Do not represent technical elements, such as user interface or programming language libraries in the model. At this point, we are modeling the business logic/domain of your system. During the design phase, the model will be refined to include technology-specific elements and decisions. 
Do not represent "System" as a class in your model. Everything that you are modeling is part of the system.
If you feel the need to justify your decisions, you can write your rationale in this section or as UML comments in the diagram.
The model must have at least 8 classes. You can add requirements in the system description if you need more classes. 

Grading criteria: You should correctly use the UML specification. Your model should have the minimum number of classes. Your domain should be adequately modeled. The model should avoid unnecessary complexity, repetition, lack of cohesion, and coupling. The classes should be at an adequate abstraction level.
